[Aiko] Day three
is gonna suck...
Things are gonna start
sucking for me on day one.
[Footsteps]
Good... morning.
Mornin'. What's going on?
I can't believe you're actually
stepping up and greeting us.
Well... It's something new...
After class, wanna
hit the tea shop?
[Asami] Yeah, let's go!
We haven't been able
to talk much lately,
and I'll go anywhere
as long as I can get
something sweet to eat.
[Aiko] All you want
to eat is sweets.
[Asami] That's not it.
Thanks a lot. I mean it.
You know. I was really starting
to worry again about...
being left alone.
Really? Oh, no way!
What are you talking
about? You're goofy.
Ah! Good morning, Yamato.
Morning.
Hm? What? What?
Um, it's nothing...
There is something!
[Aiko] Spit it out, Tachibana!
Something must have
happened between you guys.
[Megumi] Karaoke tonight?
[Girl 1] Again?
[Megumi] I'm feeling irritated.
[Girl 1] Then, let's
blow off some steam.
What do you want to sing?
They've got a couple new songs
that I really want to sing.
That's cool. You sing so good.
[Girl 2] My friend
wants to come, too.
[Girl 1] If we invite too many
people, it'll bother Megu.
[Megumi] Oh, it's fine. I don't
care how many people come.
[Girl 1] Really?
Megu, you're so cool!
[Yamato] Mei.
Say, "Ah."
Oh, that proves that
you're a masochist.
When something is
presented to you,
if you look down,
you're a masochist,
and if you look up,
you're a sadist.
[Mei] That doesn't
prove anything!
I looked away!
Oh, right. I found a hotel.
All the nearby rooms were
full, and no one canceled.
But this one has a shuttlebus.
Oh, uh...
Does that not work?
No, I'm just a little nervous...
So am I. When I think
about being with you,
I get nervous.
[Kai] Thanks for the food.
Hey! That was pretty
cool, Takemura.
Kurosawa, dude. That's amazing.
[Kai] Thanks...
[Megumi] Oh, right.
So, at my shoot the other day...
[Kai] Hey, Megumi Kitagawa!
What the hell? I hear you've
been giving Tachibana
a lot of grief.
[Megumi] I haven't done
anything to that girl.
[Kai] What?
And while we're at it, what
kind of guy goes and confesses
his feelings for a
friend's girlfriend?
Sounds like you're doing
more grief giving than
I am, Takemura.
I spoke my piece and took my
chances, and our friendship
managed to survive it.
Better than lying about
it, if you ask me.
[Kai] You know all about that.
[Megumi] And you're that honest?
[Kai] I try. How are
things going for you?
[Megumi] What do you mean?
[Kai] I mean with Yamato.
[Megumi] As if.
[Kai] Do you really like him?
[Megumi] What?
[Kai] You seem to be focusing
all your attention on everyone
else instead of Yamato.
Maybe you really don't
like him that much.
You can't accept that he likes
someone else more than you.
You're not happy unless you're
always the center of attention.
You really don't like anybody,
do you, Kitagawa?
Don't act like you know me!
I work hard to make others
happy, and I value them.
What's wrong with wanting
something for myself?
Nothing at all. But don't do
it at other people's expense.
All that pettiness?
It's a waste.
Kitagawa, you'd be better off
putting all that energy...
into your modeling career.
[Megumi] Yeah, that's what
everyone wants me to do.
But if I don't work harder
than everyone else,
and have all my bases covered
all the time,
no one will ever
treat me as an equal.
[Asami] What should we get?
[Aiko] Hmm...
[Asami] Ooh! What about this?
[Aiko] Eh.
Huh? Maybe that one?
Are you really thinking
about this seriously?
Of course I am, fluff brain.
But condoms would
be more practical.
[Asami] Aiko-chan!
[Megumi] Hey, whacha
talking about?
Ah, Megu-tan! I bet you'd
know your gift. Which one
would you give them?
Mei and Yamato are spending
their first night together.
[Asami] So it's gotta be
something really special.
[Megumi] Forget about that junk!
There's a big fashion show
called the Tokyo
Collection coming up.
Why don't you guys come with me?
I can bring two guests.
The after party'll
knock your socks off.
I know I'm gonna gorge myself.
[Asami] Wouldn't that mean
we'd... go without Mei-chan?
Darn. I guess I'll have
to endure the pain of
not going to the show.
I guess Tachibana
can go in my place.
Waaait, what? I can't go to
something like that without you.
I'll live.
[Asami] No, I want
to go with everyone.
[Aiko] Yeah, I understand that,
but it's just not the kind of
thing I get into, okay?
Come on... If you really
want to come to the show,
let's just make it happen.
What's your problem anyway?
Quit the pretense and
make up your mind.
Just think of all the fun you'll
be missing out on if you let
Tachibana go instead of you.
I'm not going to spend an
afternoon with that freakshow.
Why the hell is everyone always
going on about Mei Tachibana
anyway? Goddammit!
I'm telling you to go with me.
[Aiko] Enough!
Do we look like those fangirls
who follow you around?
I'm not gonna wag my tail
like a little dog for YOU.
What? I didn't say that.
[Aiko] Your queen bitch of
the universe act says it all.
The price of indulging
you is too goddamn high.
Why do you need to make people
like you anyway, Kitagawa?
[Boy 1] Lame-o!
[Boy 2] Bigfoot!
[Boy 3] You're in the back
because you're the ugliest!
[Teacher] Kitagawa-san,
either cut your hair
or tie it up neatly.
I'm going to have to tell
your mother about this.
[Megumi] I'm home.
[Ms. Kitagawa] Ah,
I'm about to go to work.
[Ms. Kitagawa] Eat whatever
you want for dinner, okay?
[Boy 3] You're in the back
because you're the ugliest.
[Megumi] Hey, I
didn't invite you.
[Hiro] I invited her.
What? Don't just do
whatever you want.
Okay. I'm outta here.
[Megumi] Huh? Are you saying you
like Momo-chan more than me?
Aren't you having fun with me?
I took you out to eat.
Why are you doing this?
Aren't we friends?
[Hiro] Friends?
Get it right. We're here
because YOU'RE here...
picking up the tab.
We're broke. You know
it, so don't pretend.
You're lucky. You're a celebrity
with too much money to burn.
We get it. You're famous.
But enough is enough already.
[Izumi] The winter
collection looks good.
Are you ready to knock
'em dead, Megu-tan?
[Knocks at the door]
[Manager] Izumi-chan, standby.
Okay!
[Girl 1] Megu-tan is so cute! I
wish I could be as thin as her.
[Girl 2] I don't
really like Megu-tan.
[Boy 1] She's stubborn.
[Boy 2] I think Megu-tan
has a bad personality.
[Man 1] People thinks she
looks good, but she's
the queen of plastic.
[The negative comments
continue on rapidly]
[Megumi hits the table]
[Knocking]
Megu-tan, standby.
[Line beeps]
[Operator] The number you have
dialed is either turned off
or outside the servi-
[Line beeps]
[Operator] The number you have
dialed is either turned off or
[Hiro] We get it.
[Hiro] But enough
is enough already.
[Operator] outside the service
area, and your call
cannot be completed.
Please check the
number and try again.
[Megumi] How...
How can I be happy?
[Girl 1] That girl is cute.
[Girl 2] What class is she in?
[Girl 1] Is she wearing makeup?
[Boy 1] No, I think
she's cute without it!
[Megumi] Do you have to
crowd me like this?
I don't like it.
[Boy] But you're so cute.
And you've gotten cuter.
Not to mention popular.
[Boy] You're in the back
because you're the ugliest.
[Megumi] Yeah, I know what
you want. And that's why
you're calling me cute.
You're not kidding anybody.
[Boy] Kitagawa?
[Megumi] I'm not cute.
No one needs me.
That's why I've kept up the
"Megumi Kitagawa" act
in the first place.
Cheerful.
Cute.
Megu-tan, the good girl.
I've worked hard to
keep that image up.
So everybody's happy
with Megu-tan.
Why?
What the hell for?!
Damn it!
[Mei] Got my ticket.
Got my toiletries.
What else do I need?
[Mei] Knock before
you open the door!
[Ms. Tachibana laughs] It was
already open, dear.
[Mei] Yamato!
Mei!
Do I look weird?
[Yamato] No... I was just
wondering if you figured
out my tastes in clothes.
Huh? Not really. I just
thought I should dress
like this sometimes.
Oh, okay. I-it's cute.
[Mei] I'm going to go change!
[Yamato] Don't!
Please don't.
Are you asleep?
[Mei] It's really...
just us two.
Oh wow.
Oh, a map...
We're not gonna need it, Mei.
The day officially
starts over...
[Yamato] here!
[Mei] What?!
[Excited screaming]
[Yamato] Let's go there next!
[Mei] Huh?
[Excited yelling]
[Yamato] Mei, let's
ride that, too!
[Mei] Uuh...
[Excting shouting]
Ah! I'm having so much fun.
Is something wrong?
Huh? What!?
You don't like riding
rollercoasters?
I'm so sorry!
[Mei] No, no...
Don't a-apologize.
[Yamato] Mei, you should
tell me if you don't
want to do something.
[Mei] That's not it!
I want to experience these
things, really I do.
I just have to overcome
my fears, that's all.
If it's fun for you,
it's important to me.
[Yamato] Right. Are you
ready for another one?
[Mei] Yeah.
This chicken is delicious.
So are the churros.
You look really happy.
[Nagi] Big Brother!
Nagi? And my brother Daichi?
Your brother?
What a coincidence!
I didn't know you were here.
Nagi was pretty insistent
about coming out here today,
so here we are.
Ouch!
Nagi.
Good afternoon, Nagi-san.
[Nagi] Okay, Big Brother,
you can go now.
What? Will you be all right by
yourse-
[Nagi] I'll be fine. Big
Brother Yamato is here.
So is Mei.
[Both] Huh?
Right? Is that okay, Mei?
[Mei] Sure.
[Nagi] All right!
[Yamato] What?
What? Okay. I'm outta here.
You got this, brother?
Yeah.
Sorry guys.
Uh, it's okay.
[Daichi] See ya.
[Yamato] She really likes you.
[Nagi] I wanted to see Mei.
[Yamato] Yeah, but...
[Nagi] I had to do it!
'Cause you never invite
Mei-san over anymore!
Should we find some
more attractions?
Whatever...
[Nagi] Listen, there's something
I wanted to talk to you about.
Starting this week,
I went back to school.
How's it going?
It's really fun.
Hey! Let's ride that!
[Mei] What?
You're not chicken, are you?
I-I'm not a chicken.
Then, let's go!
Come on, Yamato!
[Mei] I never thought I'd
ever hear anyone say they
wanted to see me.
That's so amazing to me!
[Momoko knocks at the door]
[Momoko] Megu? Megu, open up.
[Megumi] Shut up!
I bet you made fun of me, too!
Pretending to be my friend...
You were actually laughing
at me, weren't you?
Megu...
Just leave...
[Mei] People are quick
to betray each other.
That's what I used to think.
But now...
I have people who
like me for who I am.
[Megumi] Beautiful...
Oh, come on. Jeez, Nagi.
Do I look like a taxi to you?
Now, now.
This room looks pricy.
Actually, this was
a cancellation.
And I got the hotel
to give it to us.
[Mei] What am I
going to do, Mom?
I came to a hotel on a date...
[Yamato] Mei.
W-what is it?
What are you doing?
Did you have fun?
We were supposed to
spend the day together.
I'm sorry for making
you take care of Nagi.
But, she's asleep now...
and we didn't get to
see the night parade...
It's okay if we missed
out on some of it.
I had more than enough fun.
It's been a long time since
I've visited a place like this.
Everything I saw felt like I was
seeing it for the first time.
I'm pretty sure if I had
seen it before, I was
too young to remember.
I think we did alright for
our first time out, huh?
Thank you, Yamato.
[Mei] But... Nagi-chan!
[Yamato] Don't worry.
She isn't going to
wake up till morning.
[Mei] What am I going to do?
What am I gonna do?
What am I gonna DO?!
[Yamato] Your hair
has gotten long, Mei.
Aw man, I really did
sweat a lot today.
I sure hope you don't
think I'm stinky.
What? You don't stink.
I-it's okay...
Mei...
Would you mind...
just staying like this?
[Yamato] Mei's taking
steps towards me.
Even if it's little
by little...
That's all I need...
[Mr. Tachibana] I'll protect
you.
[Yamato] Hey. I see you're up.
Good morning.
I fell asleep?
Oh yeah, out like a light.
Uh, sorry.
Yeah, well, I didn't let
a little thing like that
keep me from having
fun with you.
What did you do!?
[Yamato] Not telling.
[Mei] Tell me!
Let's take it slow.
[Cellphone vibrates]
[Yamato] Dessert?
What do they want?
Hello?
It's good to hear from you.
Yes...
What? Kitagawa?
What's going on?
They can't get in
touch with Kitagawa.
[Mei] Life is like riding
a roller coaster.
The landscape passes by
at incredible speeds,
and my emotions continue
to change as well.
[Marshmallow] Why are you
being so emotional, meow?
I wish you'd feed me, meow.
[Mei mumbles sleepily]
[Marshmallow] Are
you asleep, meow?